>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What I would
like you to do at your convenience
is essentially what I have done.
So I'd like you to actually load
your widgets via an async call.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And then from there,
continue with that pattern,
flesh out CRUD functionality using
the ItemsServices reference.
What I'd recommend is to
set the image bit aside.
I wouldn't worry about that.
I would take a first pass and
just display, for instance, item and
description.
And I recommend using subscribe.
That would be kind of the bonus reach, but
if you must, use promise, or to promise.
In fact I'd even try them both and
see how they feel, and
I think you'll find that .subscribe
is just as easy or if not more so.